<!-- THIS DOCUMENT WAS AUTO GENERATED BY TYPESHARP -->
## Numeric Types
TypeSharp supports various different numeric types, let's take a look at each of them.

### Integer
Any non-decimal number.
<br />
<br />

**When should I use this?**
<br />
You should use this any time you are not dealing with decimal numbers.

```ts
const intergalNumber: int = 99;
```

### Floats
Any decimal number in a 32 bit range. This means any number with 7 or less digits.
<br />
<br />

**When should I use this?**
<br />
You should use this when you are limited with memory on a specific application. However, it is important to note that these numbers will not always be precise as any digit outside the range is rounded.

```ts
const floatingNumber: float = 0.2947294;
```

### Doubles
Any decimal number in a 64 bit range. This means any number with 15-16 digits.
<br />
<br />

**When should I use this?**
<br />
You should use this when you are in need accurate calculations, but don't want to consume a lot of memory calculating these numbers.

```ts
const mydouble: double = 0.9374829473829382;
```

### Decimal
Any decimal number in a 128 bit range. This means any number with 28-29 significant digits.
<br />
<br />

**When should I use this?**
<br />
You should use this when you are dealing with finances or anything that requires extreme accuracy. It is important to note that if a number is a decimal and the number is greater than 29 digits, a signature is generated to calculate the number.

```ts
const myDecimal: decimal = 0.53749302835638391928395749381;
```

### number
Any of the previous numeric types, we discourage this as when compiled, it will convert to its numeric type.
<br />
<br />

**When should I use this?**
<br />
You should only use this if you are not sure what to use from the above. This is probably the most common practice, however it is important to note that, when using this value, part of the typesharp interpreter is compiled with your binary to properly handle these numbers. (which is why we discourage this.)

```ts
const myNumber: number = 0;
```